Update LEGA to v0.2.0 (#38)
NBISweden/LocalEGA-helm: README.md

`config.data_storage_s3_chunk_size` | S3 chunk size in MB | `16`
`config.data_storage_location` | Path to FileStorage volume | `/ega/data_archive`
`config.data_storage_mode` | File mode in storage volume | `2750`

> `config.tls_certs` | boolean to create secrets tha hold the TLS certificates | `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`config.tls_certs` | boolean to create secrets that hold the TLS certificates | `true`
```

`secrets.s3_access_key` | Access key to S3 storage | `""`
`secrets.s3_secret_key` | Secret key to S3 storage  | `""`
`secrets.token`| jwt token for testing file download via dataedge | ``
`ingress.deploy` | Create ingress for data out components when set to true | `false`
`ingress.hostname` | The hostname that will be used in the ingress path | `""`

> `ingress.tls` | Boolean that controles wheter TLS should be enalbed for the ingress | `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ingress.tls` | Boolean that controls whether TLS should be enabled for the ingress | `true`
```

> `ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret that holds the TLS certifiactes, the secret must be manuallly created unless cert-manager is installed | `""`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ingress.secretName` | Name of the secret that holds the TLS certificates, the secret must be manually created unless cert-manager is installed | `""`
```
